added one line note about status (#40)
w3c/ttml3: README.md

> IMPORTANT NOTE: Development of this Timed Text Markup Language 3 (TTML3) 
> specification is currently suspended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT: Development of Timed Text Markup Language 3 (TTML3) is currently suspended.**

To raise issues against TTML2 please visit [w3c/ttml2 issues](https://github.com/w3c/ttml2/issues).

This repository serves to hold issues against TTML whose resolution requires a substantive change that is deemed too significant to make in previous versions of TTML.
```
